api.md: document user invite apis (#12074)
tailscale/tailscale: api.md

```jsonc
{}
```

## Tailnet user invites

> The tailnet user invite methods are provided for creating and listing invites for users to join a tailnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tailnet user invite methods let you create and list [invites](https://tailscale.com/kb/1371/invite-users).
```

## List user invites

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```http
```

GET /api/v2/tailnet/{tailnet}/user-invites
```

> List all open (not yet accepted) user invites for the tailnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List all user invites that haven't been accepted.
```

### Parameters

#### `tailnet` (required in URL path)

The tailnet organization name.

### Request example

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

curl -X GET "https://api.tailscale.com/api/v2/tailnet/example.com/user-invites" \
-u "tskey-api-xxxxx:"
```

### Response

```json
[
  {
    "id": "29214",
    "role": "member",
    "tailnetId": 12345,
    "inviterId": 34567,
    "email": "user@example.com",
    "lastEmailSentAt": "2024-05-09T16:13:16.084568545Z",
    "inviteUrl": "https://login.tailscale.com/uinv/<code>"
  },
  {
    "id": "29215",
    "role": "admin",
    "tailnetId": 12345,
    "inviterId": 34567,
    "inviteUrl": "https://login.tailscale.com/uinv/<code>"
  }
]
```

## Create user invites

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```http
```

POST /api/v2/tailnet/{tailnet}/user-invites
```

Create new user invites to join the tailnet.

### Parameters

#### `tailnet` (required in URL path)

The tailnet organization name.

#### List of invite requests (required in `POST` body)

> Each invite request is an object with the following optional fields:
> 
> - **`role`:** Optionally specifies a [user role](https://tailscale.com/kb/1138/user-roles) to assign the invited user. Defaults to the `"member"` role. Values options are:
>   - `"member"`: assigns the Member role
>   - `"admin"`: assigns the Admin role
>   - `"it-admin"`: assigns the IT Admin role
>   - `"network-admin"`: assigns the Network Admin role
>   - `"billing-admin"`: assigns the Billing Admin role
>   - `"auditor"`: assigns the Auditor role
> - **`email`:** Optionally specifies the email to which to send the created invite. If not set, an invite URL is generated and returned, but not sent out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each invite request is an object with the following optional fields:

- **`role`:** (Optional) Specify a [user role](https://tailscale.com/kb/1138/user-roles) to assign the invited user. Defaults to the `"member"` role. Valid options are:
  - `"member"`: Assign the Member role.
  - `"admin"`: Assign the Admin role.
  - `"it-admin"`: Assign the IT admin role.
  - `"network-admin"`: Assign the Network admin role.
  - `"billing-admin"`: Assign the Billing admin role.
  - `"auditor"`: Assign the Auditor role.
- **`email`:** (Optional) Specify the email to send the created invite. If not set, the endpoint generates and returns an invite URL (but doesn't send it out).
```

### Request example

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

curl -X POST "https://api.tailscale.com/api/v2/tailnet/example.com/user-invites" \
-u "tskey-api-xxxxx:" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
--data-binary '[{"role": "admin", "email":"user@example.com"}]'
```

### Response

> ```json

Reviewer 2: Nit:
```suggestion
```jsonc
```

[
  {
    "id": "29214",
    "role": "admin",
    "tailnetId": 12345,
    "inviterId": 34567,
    "email": "user@example.com",
    "lastEmailSentAt": "2024-05-09T16:23:26.91778771Z",
    "inviteUrl": "https://login.tailscale.com/uinv/<code>"
  }
]
```

# User invites

> A user invite is an active invitation that allows a user to join a tailnet with a pre-assigned role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user invite is an active invitation that lets a user join a tailnet with a pre-assigned [user role](https://tailscale.com/kb/1138/user-roles).
```

Each user invite has a unique ID that is used to identify the invite in API calls.

> All user invite IDs for a paricular tailnet can be found by [listing user invites](#list-user-invites).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find all user invite IDs for a particular tailnet by [listing user invites](#list-user-invites).
```

Author: oh muchhhh better! ty

### Attributes

```jsonc
{

>   // id (strings) is the unique identifier for the invite.

Reviewer 2: Nit:
```suggestion
  // id (string) is the unique identifier for the invite.
```

  // time.
  "inviteUrl": "https://login.tailscale.com/admin/invite/<code>"
}
```

## Get user invite

```http
GET /api/v2/user-invites/{userInviteId}
```

Retrieve the specified user invite.

### Parameters

#### `userInviteId` (required in URL path)

The ID of the user invite.

### Request example

```sh
curl "https://api.tailscale.com/api/v2/user-invites/29214" \
  -u "tskey-api-xxxxx:"
```

### Response

```jsonc
{
  "id": "29214",
  "role": "admin",
  "tailnetId": 12345,
  "inviterId": 34567,
  "email": "user@example.com",
  "lastEmailSentAt": "2024-05-09T16:23:26.91778771Z",
  "inviteUrl": "https://login.tailscale.com/uinv/<code>"
}
```

## Delete user invite

```http
DELETE /api/v2/user-invites/{userInviteId}
```

Delete the specified user invite.

### Parameters

#### `userInviteId` (required in URL path)

The ID of the user invite.

### Request example

```sh
curl -X DELETE "https://api.tailscale.com/api/v2/user-invites/29214" \
  -u "tskey-api-xxxxx:"
```

### Response

The response is 2xx on success. The response body is an empty JSON object.

## Resend user invite

```http
POST /api/v2/user-invites/{userInviteId}/resend
```

> Resend the specified user invite by email. This can only be used if the specified invite was originally created with an email specified.
> See [creating user invites for a tailnet](#create-user-invites).
> Note that invite resends are rate limited to once per minute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resend the specified user invite by email. You can only use this if the specified invite was originally created with an email specified. Refer to [creating user invites for a tailnet](#create-user-invites).

Note: Invite resends are rate limited to one per minute.
```
